{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 THIS LIST IDENTIFIES UX BUGS AND OTHER ACTIONABLE ITEMS THAT NEED TO BE IMPLEMENTED. PLEASE REVIEW THE COMMENTS ATTACHED TO EACH LIST ITEM AND MAKE NECESSARY CHANGES TO IMPROVE THE USER EXPERIENCE. \
-------------------------------\
1. THOUGHT LOG\
	A. THIS SHOULD BE RENAMED. THE IDEA OF THIS IS FOR REFRAMING COGNITIVE DISTORTIONS. THEREFORE THOUGHT LOG DOES NOT STAND OUT AS A USEFUL OR RELEVANT TOOL TO THE USER. \
	B. HOW CAN WE GAMEFY THE EXPERIENCE OF THIS MORE TO MAKE IT MORE INTERACTIVE AND USEFUL? \
	C. CLICKING THE EMOTION INTENSITY BUTTONS RESULTS IN A WHITE CIRLCE. THERE IS A BUG HERE. \
\
SUMMARY: \
	THE THOUGHT LOG TOOL DOES NOT SERVE USERS IN A MEANINGFUL WAY. IT DOES NOT GUIDE USERS THROUGH IDENTIFYING WAYS TO REFRAME. WHILE IT DOES DISPLAY THE DIFFERENT COGNITIVE DISTORTIONS WITH THEIR DEFINITIONS, THE TOOL DOES NOT HELP USERS LINK WHICH DISTORTION THEY MAY BE EXPERIENCING OR HOW INTENSE IT MAY BE. ADDITIONALLY, THE INTENSITY SCALE IMMEDIATELY BELOW THE DEFINITIONS WITHOUT PROVIDING THE USER WITHOUT ANY TOOL OF WORKING THROUGH THE DISTORTION FEELS COMPLETELY USELESS. THIS TOOL SHOULD BE REIMAGINED AND MADE TO FEEL MORE PERSONALIZED AND THOUGHTFUL. \
}